Service: RGB LED (#207)
microsoft/jacdac: services/led.md

# RGB LED

    identifier: 0x1e3048f8
    camel: led

A controller for 1 or more RGB LEDs connected in parallel.

## Animation steps

> Animations are described using pairs of HSV and duration, similarly to the LED service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Animations are described using pairs of HSV and duration, similarly to the `status_light` register in the control service.
```

> ## Registers

Reviewer: it could have `max_power` register like the pixel led service

Author: yup it's there.

    rw max_iterations = 0xffff: u16 @ 0x81

The animation will be repeated `max_iterations + 1` times.

    const led_count?: u16 @ 0x82

> If know, specifies the number of LEDs in parallel on this device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If known, specifies the number of LEDs in parallel on this device.
```
